500 Carnivals
At least 1 million.
10 million
Carnival 500
That's 10 million.
Thank you for the carnival sent by Brother Fengzhongyiwolf
Thanks
10 million
Now your sister wants to give you 412 pieces of clothes
How can this licker have so much money?
I see
Hello, Ling Feng
Being a bootlicker means you have no bottom line, right?
They all became male models.
What do you mean
In high society
It is common for rich women to keep gigolos
but
Black cards with unlimited credit for gigolos are rare
I heard
Those rich ladies give themselves masochistic male models
The unlimited black card
I mean Lin Feng
No wonder this good licking dog is no longer a good licking dog
It turns out that there are high aspirations
He went to be a male model for a rich woman.
It turns out that dirty people think dirty things.
How do you know so much about being a male model?
you
Many of us are originally from the upper class.
Naturally you'll know this.
Yes, the people I come into contact with are all wealthy people at this level.
I see
If you don't know, you might think Xu Shao is also a male model.
What nonsense are you talking about?
Hello
Have you seen this pretty boy?
Ah here